We have mainly been speaking about
the CBOW model by using one example as
an input.
However, what happens if we decide
to feed in several inputs and
get several outputs at the same time?
How do we vectorized?
>> By now you are familiar with
the dimensions of the vectors and
matrices used in the neural network for
the continuous bag of words model
when feeding in a single example.
Instead of passing input vectors
representing individual examples you may
want to pass in several
examples at a time.
This usually makes the learning
process quicker for a few reasons.
For brevity,
I won't get into them right now.
Feeding several examples into the neural
net at the same time is known as a batch
processing and you're going to be doing
it yourself in this week's assignment.
Say that you want to feed an input context
toward vectors into the neural network
during each iteration.
M is called the batch size and
it's a hyper parameter of the model
that you define at training time.
You can join these m column vectors side
by side to form a matrix with zero's and
m columns, which I'll notice capital X.
You can then pass this matrix through
the network and you will get capital H.
The matrix representing the values
of the hidden layer equals ReLU
the weight matrix capital Z1,
where Z1 is W1 times X+B1.
It's an N rows by m columns matrix.
Know that you need to replace the original
b1 bias vector with a bias matrix capital
B1 where you duplicate the column vector
M times to have an N by m matrix.
So that the bias germs are added to each
of the weighted sums just as a tip.
When you're working on the assignment,
this is known as broadcasting the vector
to a matrix and it's performed
automatically by numpy when adding
a matrix to a column vector
with the same number of rows.
Next, capital Y hat,
the matrix containing the m outputs.
It is equal to the softmax of W2H+B2.
And again you're replicating the bias
vector lower case b2 M times to get
the bias matrix capital B2.
Y hat has zeros and m columns.
You can break Y hat down into m column
vectors, each one corresponding to one of
the input context words
vectors from the input matrix.
So the vector from the first column of
the input matrix is transformed into
the vector corresponding to the first
column of the output matrix, and
similarly for the other m-1 vectors.
Next, I'll introduce the activation
functions used by the continuous
bag of words model.
You're getting closer to a working model.
>> You are an expert in figuring out
the dimensions of the CBOW model and
can victories your inputs and outputs.
This is really exciting stuff.
In the next video,
you'll take a deep dive into the
activation functions used by this model